hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_measuredata_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_measuredata_MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/measuredata/MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.measuredata.MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/measuredata/DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.measuredata.DaggerMainApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/example/measuredata/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.measuredata.BuildConfig
com/example/measuredata/MainApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_measuredata_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_measuredata_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/measuredata/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.measuredata.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_measuredata_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_measuredata_MainApplication
com/example/measuredata/Hilt_MainApplication.java
 com.example.measuredata.Hilt_MainApplication
 com.example.measuredata.Hilt_MainApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_measuredata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_measuredata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_measuredata_MainApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_measuredata_MainApplication
com/example/measuredata/MainViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainViewModel_Factory
com/example/measuredata/MainApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/measuredata/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.measuredata.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.measuredata.Hilt_MainActivity$1
com/example/measuredata/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_measuredata_MainModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_measuredata_MainModule
com/example/measuredata/MainViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.measuredata.MainViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
com/example/measuredata/MainModule_ProvideHealthServicesClientFactory.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainModule_ProvideHealthServicesClientFactory
com/example/measuredata/HealthServicesManager_Factory.java
 com.example.measuredata.HealthServicesManager_Factory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_measuredata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_measuredata_MainViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
com/example/measuredata/MainApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.measuredata.MainApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
